[Music]
are you going to meet a boy no okay
excuse me can you buy some booze for my
friends and I not interested please Heil
oh there's my girl this never happened
okay thanks again for doing this ma'am
you guys wanna party like rock stars
follow me
the bar is open do you think we don't
notice too much but it's all you
cool basement you're free to do whatever
you want down here but nobody go
upstairs
welcome to my what
how did she get our numbers you know
what the party
those earrings are beautiful Maggie you
got a sweet mama huh who are you with
just some kids from school you have a
boyfriend
man a dog there's something off about MA
seriously she's honest and her basements
pretty much the best drinking spot in
town
we can't go thanks for these earrings
what happened last night I don't want to
hang out at malls anymore I want you to
meet someone
nice to meet you Maggie we went to high
school together why is my son Ethan out
just like your dad he's spending time at
your house
that is crazy probably something
wrong with me how does it feel to be on
the outside
[Applause]
this is the most fun I've had in a long
time
[Music]